Hello, I'm Dominic Christian, I'm the
chairman of inclusion at Lloyd's
I'm the CEO  of Aon UK Ltd.
I think whatever we do, where we work,
whatever our industry is, whatever firm
it is, what we want to do, always - promote
a culture that's welcoming, fair, open and
contemporary. And young people today
demand it of us. They're far more
knowledgeable than multiculturalism,
gender choice and a deep personal choice.
So if we're to attract people to our
industry, we've got to actually get
D&I right.
The business case is very clear:
diversity leads to inclusion, inclusion
leads to higher employee engagement,
higher employee engagement leads to
increase productivity. QED. It's very
important for insurance and reinsurance
that everyone plays their part. For the
simple reason that this industry has
become a team game. To do good work for
clients you have to be teaming. Not any
one of us has all the answers for a
client. Between however our teams, we do.
And clients want various views and those
various views are created through an
effective team network.
That's why all of us playing our part is
important. I think there's a couple of
reasons
why going global is so exciting for us.
For start about 85% of our client base
in the London market is international
and anything that eases the contact with
our international client base, which is
so critical to all of us, must be good.
Secondly it's quite odd if you think
about diversity and inclusion for not to
be global, for not to be broader than
just the UK. What we're trying to do is
attract all sorts backgrounds approaches
and types of people to our industry, from
abroad as well as from this country.
One of the reasons why diversity and
inclusion is so important is about
understanding the range of new risks
that we're trying to think through. And
to do that, we're going to need creative
talents and perhaps employ people from
different avenues from those that we
usually do to our industry. The number of
senior employments in our industry have
come from people or are people in
position who actually come from various
backgrounds.
And various approaches have come into
the industry various ways and all this
leads to, I think, much greater confidence
about what kind of industry we are and
actually what D&I means to insurance.